So let's go ahead and let's start working on here with this future project or work section.
So again we're going to go back or here right now we can close or here and so dope but here and there
is going to maybe copy and paste like I don't know the Cdn or something that we don't need to jam back
and forth to the actual isotope website.
Right.
So can just close it over here.
We can go back to index on this and then we can first find out what we need to do right.
Maybe let's go ahead and then right away.
And I said All right.
So I'm going to say go back to the top or here right where we got our CDN.
So this is going to be set up here like this.
And then we're going to copy and paste this.
So I'm going to go back to the e-mail here and we're going to copy and paste it somewhere right.
Right.
So this is going to be the Jack Murray going on here in the bottom we're just going to copy and paste
the isotope.
Right.
So now we have a nice set up.
Well let's say we're here we're going to write a script.
Jeff's right.
This is going to be our script.
Yes.
Then after that once we are done with this let's go ahead and let's actually create a work section so
we're here.
We're going to have in the form so let's comment work section.
Then once we have worked section let's select the line copy and paste.
And we're going to do and of works.
And then once we have this then what we would want is section ID and we're going to say work.
And then what we would want is actually title which really created tile.
And so we don't need to recreate it.
Right.
So let's go ahead and let's see where is skills right.
This is going to be the title.
So what we're going to do is line by line what is going on.
Copy this right.
So c'mon.
See we didn't go down and let's find where is the work section.
All right.
This is going to be the work copy and paste it.
And now we have the title.
Obviously we need to change some values around.
Right.
First of all we're going to have a different I can say I'm going to say hey and so here square here.
Oh my.
First of all this icon is going to be different than over here we're going to say future projects like
this.
And we're going to see if future projects like this future projects like this.
Then once we have this what's actually working on it right on actual works action.
Right.
So here we have future projects titles done right.
And like I said in a sensible action we're going to flip it around right.
But we need to get there first.
So here I'm going to say that first this is going to be a collapse of the class of work.
I'm going to call it Center work center.
Then we're going to have a button container.
So I'm going to say Divx button and this is going to be container press table.
Here now we have a button container.
And now we would want that div that was actually button group and filter button.
Right.
So here what I'm going to say this is going to be a button.
All right.
Dave So I'm going to say bottom group and again we can name it.
However we would want.
All right.
The key right now naming it like this so it's not confusing.
Right.
We're really getting this from now on here I'm going to say another class filter here bottom group right
here.
Right.
And these are the same ones that we actually used previously.
Press time on here.
Now we have a div button group and filter button.
And here we're going to have a button on here.
And for the button we're going to have a data filter that you remember when we were using this right
to actually filter it.
And the first one I'm going to set it equal to star.
I mean because we want to select them all.
And what I'm going to do here is copy and paste this.
So I'm going to settle at the line and I'm not going to have three more.
Right.
So they add a filter.
This one is going to be class city.
This is going to be class country.
This is going to be the types of pictures we're going to have.
This is going to be class of water and oh here we're going to write what the bleep button actually selects
right here.
When you say all this is going to be selecting all then this is going to be selecting city right and
obviously these classes need to match.
Not here I'm going to say country now.
I mean they don't need to match.
But it's not going to make much sense if you're selecting country button but you're actually selecting
water images right.
We're going to say water when we have this and we can save this right too.
Now we have our button group still within our work center.
Let's go back over here.
Actually and our images here what I'm going to say is this is going to be a live picture.
Container container here press them.
And now we can actually add our images.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to wrap the images in article so I'm going to say article article
here and I'm going to press.
Right.
And this is going to be actually class.
I know what I'm going to go to class and I'm going to see a picture item item more here.
And then all I need.
I want to match actually first one of these data right on the first one is going to be city again and
this is important because I would want to select when this button would have this article and you hear
what I'm going to say is this is going to be image here.
And the source is going to be images then we're going to have a project here and you can see how I am
that images project city one might then I suggest doing the same especially if you're duplicating this
right and here when I'm going to do is I'm going to say this is going to be work one and this is just
for alternative.
Right.
We don't really care about much about this right.
But we'll see what happened right.
Right.
So we have to go.
And this is the city.
Now what I would want is actually copy and paste this or you know and this someone to select this hard
to go and I'm going to copy two more times and here what I'm going to do.
All right.
You can see them right now I'm selecting Siri and let me actually use the beautifier just so we can
see better what we are doing right.
So this is going to be silly but this one is going to be country or here.
We are also going to change this value.
The country country or here country right.
This is going to be our country image and they're all here this is going to be our water.
And the important thing is again if you want these images to match they need the classes need to merge.
And over here obviously these values need to watch.
So we're here I'm going to get in water and this is going to be one jetpack.
All right so see what we have.
We have three images right now.
Right.
And what we're going to do right now we're going to copy these three articles actually.
So this is going to be our container right.
And one is going to copy and paste these articles.
So I'm going to select them one time and second time and now would we would want to do is change the
city to three.
I.
This is going to be city image three country ministry water imagery and all here.
We're going to have a second right.
So this is going to be water image number two country image number two city image number two.
So let's say this let's head back over here.
Let's look at our recording what we have done.
So I could see that I have nine images lining up like this.
Right.
So first one city then country water.
Second City image second country image.
Right.
And so on and so forth.
And this pretty much is it for our HD.
Right now what we would need to do is actually go to see assess and start dialing.